# Welcome to Recoil Interactive Tutorial

We are excited to have you here in SideGuide! This tutorial will teach you the basics of Recoil, a state management library for React. It is designed to be interactive, so you can play with the code, read the docs and see the results in real time - all inside VS Code.

## Quick SideGuide Recap

SideGuide is a new way to learn anything code related. It is a VS Code extension that lets you pull interactive tutorials right into the editor.  SideGuide resides on your sidebar so you can always access it when needed. It is designed to be used alongside your code, so you can follow along with the tutorial.

> Pull this tutorial in VS Code
> 
> You can follow this DIY tutorial in VS Code by clicking the 'Pull into VS Code' button on the top right of the sandbox.

## What the tutorial will cover?
This tutorial assumes you have installed Recoil and React either by cloning the repository or having it on your own project. We highly recommend you clone the started code using SideGuide. If you have skipped that step you can still click clone by opening SideGuide and clicking the clone button. This runs `git clone` on a terminal and opens the project in a new window.

If for some reason that didn't work let us know and clone this repo: [https://github.com/SideGuide/recoil-tutorial](https://github.com/SideGuide/recoil-tutorial).

We'll be building a <b>simple todo-list application </b>. Our app will be able to do the following:

- Add todo items
- Edit todo items
- Delete todo items

Along the way, we'll cover atoms, selectors, atom families, and the hooks exposed by the Recoil API. We'll also cover optimization.